To test your application, you might want to write three different types of test code as illustrated
in this pyramid.
Notice that unit tests are at the bottom of the test pyramid, and this is because usually unit tests
are written and run before another test code.
So the first type of test code is unit test, and usually you will write a lot more unit tests for application
than any other tests.
When Orion test code unit tests are also the fastest among these three.
This is because units do not need to connect to a database and they do not need to send that UDP request
over the network and wait for a response.
The next type of test code that you might want to write is called Integration Test, and these test
methods are very similar to unit tests, except that in this case you will not use mock and you will
not use fake objects instead of real objects.
The method you are testing will actually send the ship request if it needs to, or it will actually
write into a database if it needs to.
And in this case, if you need as deep pass, then you are confident that the method you were testing
will work well when it is integrated with other external systems.
All right.
So in case of integration tests, if your method needs to load data from a database or if your test
method needs to send be request to fetch data from any more server, you will not use fake objects anymore,
but you will actually let your function use a real database connection or send a real active request
and work with a real cheap response that it gets from the server.
Integration tests runs slower than unit tests because they need to communicate with other internal or
external systems.
The next level of testing that you will do is automated end to end testing.
When doing end to end testing, you will their software functionality from beginning to end.
If you a building mobile application, for example, or a web page, then you might want to write automated
UI tests.
These tests will test functionality of your application by actually invoking button clicks and evaluating
if that button click did produce unexpected results.
So automated end to end tests are even slower, and the number of end to end tests that we create will
be a lot less than the number of unit tests.